second
So what's going on?
Dad and I just packed up and were going back to Qingzhou
Suddenly a few people broke in
He took Dad away without saying a word
Second, there is my brother
Dad will be fine.
situation
My dad was suddenly taken away by someone unknown
Use all relationships to find out
Okay
No way.
Hello Lu Ran
Your father is in my hands
I know you are very capable
But
I hope you can resist my urge
Because you can't find out who you really are
Listen, I want you to go to the pastoral meeting
Seen for a long time
Then listen to my command
Otherwise your father
This world
No one can order me
Then I'll let your dad die now
Ok ok
I promise you.
I promise you to attend the pastoral meeting
Good to enter the winter vacation
Very good I appreciate it
I'll make sure your father's enmity has a chance